in Germany there because it's it but
they call it instantly not hot because
it's not the field over the pork so
really nothing so that made me feel so
we have the feed and you know cut the be
low and we're just going to slice it
into two two centimeter thick pieces to
back it out alright now take some glad
wrap or some cling film and with the
help of another sheet of clink oh we can
patch these without moving too much
moisture so the heavy rolling pin the
confession out
traditional primitive so we're gonna
make a little breading station yeah we
have some all-purpose flour some beaten
egg and lovely lovely breadcrumbs
take your mini field salt little science
pepper put it into the flour knock off
all excess flour put it to the egg wash
now use a fork otherwise you're gonna
break your fingers
and into the breadcrumbs mr. Venus let's
look ready to get fried of sunflower oil
until it covers the bottom of the pan so
quite a thick layer in front them off
for a good 30 seconds on each side
thin slice of lemon
cut it in the middle the nice twist
press it down
that's our lemon garnish
an Austrian it will have served with
either muffins to roast potatoes or
potato salad I have both here so German
roasted fries naturally here one there
and a beautiful lemon garnish on top
thanks we have some potato salad Swabian
potato salad
this cuts for the richness of the
schnitzel a nice lemon and we did
earlier thanks for watching mini mean s
pizza if you want to learn how to make
roasted potatoes click over here and if
you want to learn how to make potato
salad just click right here thank you
very much